[Music]
i
yes
[Music]
and no
[Music] yes yes [
Music] i [Music]
i
[Music]
end
i
[Music]
[Applause]
to
[Music] [Music]
ah
[Music]
to
[Applause]
[Music]
ah
ah [Music]
e
[Music]
let's leave this great song here if it does
n't seem familiar to you
let's leave this great song here how are
you boom the party return party
themes or big
themes support torró
on the go today's the theme thing
ballet today's Marcia's stuff I'm going
to put the notes here so you stay
tuned because today I'm going to tell you a
lot of Salcedo
friends everything about something
but spectacular
very rich
why
pulling out the dick
like this the colors will be applied okay I
still don't understand why you're
subscribed  I still do
n't understand this channel really, I mean, yesterday they kicked
us out yesterday they eliminated
the previous live
yesterday's live yesterday's yesterday's
Giovanni, thank you very much Giovanni Romero
yesterday we didn't do live shows of course what I
did was Jordi's video just like
yours the title at night
a few clicks and it's true
someone kicked us out the Jordi video Jordi
wine or the shooting video okay it was a
reaction to the cell video also the
cell video had been kicked out I have
family things here on Mondays okay and among other things in between
times I was well
because I was in the car waiting for my
family to get out of a place I didn't
start watching a video that Cell had uploaded
I get a notification from that
guy what's going on take it's bad I don't remember
what the video was it was something that he
put a comment on but not why
but also I put in the comment
like I was bullying him on the way they had
kicked me the video it was explained to him in the
video you have to see that he keeps the video
and I put it to me if I  They throw it
in the cells to me yes they throw it to me here's
the money the little guitar you know what
the little guitar is and I do the little
guitar to YouTube and you don't know seriously they
threw it at me at night at
night that lasted a lot of hours they
threw the video at me at night
the video they didn't throw the live video the
extract they left it to me you learn
that the extract had a
thumbnail frame that I think was
the same frame that in fact Jordi
Wild has posted his tweets that I think
directly the hits there he put that
frame in fact but notice notice they did
n't throw the extract to me and the
live stream and it was the same the same
content
YouTube so apparently yesterday because it
was such a super viral topic the topic of
the buffalo shooting
well they had what I
was experiencing with other colleagues and
others reviewing video ping ping ping
dad dad escaping videos of the subject no I don't
know why
because until there are
sensitive images but I understand that they throw videos
in which something strong is seen you know
so much imagine a newscast a  the
news will take you out if it's not going to take you out I
understand that it's not going to show you an
explicit image and such but but no no no no no they
throw you lying down in the video they have
the video
the rules they threw the live at me and I haven't
appealed it because of course reading the rule
it breaks the rule okay
here I still haven't sent it to them as a joke
success
if the rule was
violent or explicit content
videos recorded by the
perpetrator of a very violent or fatal crime are not allowed okay
in this case do not play well in this
case of course we put the video of but
nothing happened in that one where he didn't do it before he
did it in the car okay but
that one nothing happened happened with the rest
where images or audios of the
event itself are included the weapons
used or the victims it's here
you have it it's longer the longest rule over here you have it the moment the weapon is seen it doesn't matter what you call yourself putting there is no type of exception neither educational nor informative nor artistic nor anything valuable even if it is the 1 o'clock news on its
youtube channel you cannot show the weapon in a
type of video like that  I don't see the
point, I understand that it will be to
protect oneself with the advertisers
but let's see, it's what I'm telling you, it may be
explicit images of course, but if
you put them frame by frame, I don't
even think it was seen, I do
n't know, I don't think any
victim was seen in the photo because of course
three photos were put, three photos were put,
three different moments in the video, he
declared what was seen was an alarm, then I
understand and I think that in the click of the
crash you could hear a couple of
shots, no, then it's there they are already
breaking the rule, okay,
the extract, I have saved the extract
because we have cut the extract, the
part that does not comply with the rule, the part
of the crash,
the noise that is heard in the crash,
rationing and the three photos that he puts is
the having removed that, well, I have already
saved the video, I don't know how the video
was saved because literally the
thumbnail was the same frame that
Jordi Gual puts in his tweet that in the
image that Manu that represents the most a
little, I do not consider it an
explicit image, the truth is, they do not need crazy people, I
am not going to put the video on YouTube, I know, I
understand on YouTube  you can't
put that anywhere okay
in the frame only alarm was seen well that's it you ca
n't see the weapon if that
weapon is the cause it is the
protagonist weapon let's say not of the scene of the
video that the murderer has recorded no no you can't
put it on youtube okay that's why there
are colleagues who have put
the twitter Jordi Gual in the thumbnail I don't know
what and even commenting on the twitter
Jordi Wild and yesterday I sent a message to
some but I don't know if to all of them that they have to
remove it okay there is from the
title in tweets finally churri total
what
the saved of the video I don't know how the video
would I be on the last list the video
was super positioned
would I be on the
list at the end of all the people
uploading videos that by the time they
reviewed my video well it would already be
fixed by me no why am I
telling you this well first of all
to announce it and give an explanation
of why the previous live is not
uploaded which makes me very angry in part I have not
appealed it because according to the rules I do not
have and apart from that they have eliminated the video
it is as if the video did not exist a
body of the language  Thank you so much
laugh it's like the video doesn't exist you
just don't put train and
penalty or anything anymore just the
video as if I didn't want it plus
the video doesn't exist in
my playlist and in the live shows it doesn't
exist as if the
video never existed and they've never removed it period
okay
and apart from that I want to show something that I
also put on twitter because notice what
a well positioned video is
worth these are the
youtube statistics of a video okay this is the
specific excerpt that I'm
talking about not the excerpt in which I'm
talking about the subject reacting to the
video it's okay if you see if you see this is
the graph of all of everything that is the
video okay the views that it has had in
all these hours the video okay okay
you see that suddenly the video in the
first few hours for the truth that it has
been that maybe I wouldn't say breaking
respecting maybe it would be
ambergis' videos but working well well
positioned because also and it
goes up instead of down and it
goes up as the
hours go by and it goes up and suddenly  at
night they say see you later but here they put see you go [ __ ] yourself go [ __ ] yourself
okay but now I want you to
notice this detail look after
the visits that the video has here we
can see
the word broken down
what is where each visit comes from and
if you see
exploration functions it is when you
find the video in the
home tab in the YouTube home window
or in your subscriptions okay
then obviously the first
hours
were stronger because YouTube
showed the video avi subscribers on the
home screen and in subscriptions and so on
but if you see then suddenly
this graph starts to grow which is the
YouTube search
what does YouTube search mean
well let's see the [ __ ] word people say it
looking for the video on YouTube or
videos about the subject and found my
video and it was fully positioned
what I want to tell you with this because it
's also Google I don't remember what
the username was that the guy had is
in tweets the murderer the guy
was not a murderer but I remember that the
first day informing myself about the subject and so on I
looked for the twitter channel there was
handled and I searched on google on google
buzz that the username I put the
username of this murderer since
the kid to see what else he had
done on the internet to see what other
types of videos he had uploaded
previously and others not
your pet and even the normal thing is that you
put a google search and of
any [ __ ] you get 800
results each case has nothing to
do with what you are looking for but it
comes out well in this case you put
the username of that murderer
the site jim boyce and monaco the eye and
morona a name like that and it appeared in
google
we have not found a single result
on this every time for some reason
by case because we have to see it is not
for nothing but because in the world there are
wars there are attacks there are murders there are
a lot of cases and I do not understand why
this as if they have wanted to or ignore
or silence that does not exist I do not know why
this is by finger
this is fell finger besides it
is evident it
is evident from the messages that
some companions have received at the end of the
video and the schedule also that  I was ping ping ping ping
ping and they're throwing videos
ping ping ping ping ping ping ping it's
obvious that this was that yesterday I was
busy with that issue with the issue of the video
of this viral case don't be this is
thrown by finger
dude videos that were well
positioned on youtube
okay this the videos were well
positioned on youtube or rather from these
videos that placed them well there are videos
that were placed like that okay there are videos that
for example the video that is very very
positioned very well positioned which is
what I'm trying to do now
is the video that I made about the
complete story of grez against
willy okay that video the first day it didn't
shock me fifteen twenty thousand visits and
the video goes by almost 80 thousand visits
because because it appears in
youtube searches you put youtube search
willy flex de greve and from the first ones you
get my video and it's coming in a ton
of visits it managed to position it
perfectly my tricks I have to I won't
tell them okay this those videos well
positioned
and that I had well a google worker
by finger has escaped how finished that  I
want to tell you with this that he is Dubai, he
exists,
this is living proof that
Saturday goes, it seems
very conspiratorial and very, you know, no, no,
Saturday goes, the platform can
take it and silence it before maybe
taking down your account, on your part, the video,
whatever it takes to do it more
discreetly, like they kill it, it has
been, they hide you like this without being noticed, no
then why do you think about it, think a
little if they do this type of things with, I do
n't understand the reason
Satan and there are many thanks, the reason
why this video should be silenced, I do
n't know because let's see the video, I
mean, I understand that I understand that checking
the video of the stick,
people who put sensitive images or
people summarizing the video,
okay, but but I do
n't understand why because war
is that it was like they are digging on
YouTube, the videos talking about the subject, I mean,
like they have reviewed my video, they
could not remove it because it does not
violate the norm but what they have done
is
cover it up, the
program of the many thanks,
welcome to the family, I
forgot to put the  I
put the link to the arms member and we start with the
gossip but with this I mean
imagine
any person who has a colleague
working in any person who
dislikes another youtuber or these
people who are sick and
live for and to ruin the careers
of others because they are envious or
because they are just living that's why it's worth it
imagine
the number of cases there are of people who maybe would
live with someone from youtube
or who have a worker at youtube who
is a fan of alex el capo and
they dislike you because they are critical you are worth the capo or for ideological reasons for reasons the cameras that's worth it imagine the number of cases there are people who really happen to people who really happen their content and do it well and so on and in
reality it is having less impact
on their work and earning less at
work because there are people manipulating
this type of things or with this I
mean the news manipulates me
or anything or anything I mean I consider that my
content sometimes goes better or worse
depending on the topics and the
interests that the topics have okay
man in the  main channel
seems strange for a long time but
well look it's working well with the
songs of sálvame and the songs of johnny
depp are going weaker the songs of
youtubers the rough ones and that in truth in
this matter your verse a little more [ __ ]
also I have eaten something happens that has made me
laugh a lot because I have already seen
one of the
[Music]
well I'm not going to mention it because there is
a topic I
wanted to tell when I can in a few months
okay that's why I'm not answering it in
the studying balls apart so as not to give it
publicity of course but I'm not
answering it looking at the ball because there will be
a topic that I will be able to tell at the moment
no but look today they sent me a clip
of one of these kids who hate me he's not
sick with fer same with me and it
puts me he sends me the cli it's like a video they have
sent several I have only seen
this one that caught my attention of how to see
the others media goes black and in the end I'm
going to load it because I have things from
clinics that we did and they send me a
click of a guy that we are an extract of
live it is I think I don't know if to a  directly in
this I am direct or something of yours and it is
like analyzing my channel
and you are saying that look Javier
Beirán it is not relevant at all
Javier and Vida are more or less the same as
me this this is a click on a video with like
800 views Karla thank you very much this is
a click on a video with 800 views and
the guy is looking at my channels and he is
saying no I didn't know Oliveira it is
irrelevant
look they don't have the videos from the
secondary channel 15,000 20,000 views there are
videos that have 10,000 views Javier and he
directs me to his videos and you don't
understand anymore nobody is totally already tells me it's the
same as I was already more or less at the same
level as me and it's like churras
you have 800 views and sometimes when
you talk about me it has 1500 or 2000
point number one people don't people don't
know how YouTube works well the
passengers I show it look so you can see it
YouTube does
n't work for the views that
each click has individually okay so
YouTube works for the result that you
do it per month thank you
very much first of all
I have in members what was thrown what
that person has
in views on any video on his
main channel that I have the
maximum that he has in views on his
main channel the maximum I
have in members / you give yourself to the ceo
and javier canino
thanks to my stable community that we have
formed that in addition I have already seen that the
line but these are the tweets
first of all
the final youtube result what
matters is this well what matters is
this okay but for this you
have to do is the way to have
more views per day today is that if you upload 50
videos a day then each video will have
fewer views if you upload one every day or
every two days then you will have a hundred thousand
views of that video already but the thing is that
I prefer that in the end I have a
million 600 almost 700 thousand in the main
three million and a bit a bad month on
television to the ceo
and also cold
viewing time and also look at the
followers that the 1100 earns the little one
almost 2003 to the eyebrow and  5000 people
videos that I had last month with more than
a million views that I had two or three
videos with more than a million views
and the little guy
if you watch the live and the live has
20 or 30 thousand views and then I see an
extract that has 10,000
that extract is not that it has 10,000
views that extract that same content
has 10,000 views plus 20 or 30 thousand that they have
the live plus 5 or 10 thousand that they
have in tweets how many people have seen
the same video
but of course for that they have to know how to
add that is complicated
once the extract has 5000 and in
turn
15 videos a day
then there are some videos that are
interesting
and reach forty fifty thousand
views
and there are some videos that are not so much that I
invite anyone to
try to
upload 15 videos a day to see if they have the
same to see if they have 100,000 views
each video but equally let's see let's
see
[Music]
also the kids don't either and then the
video in  the secondary channel then on the
main channel like if you don't know
how it works I was like shut up but then he
goes to the channel
according to the main channel
then he goes to the main channel
and says oh well the main channel is doing
really well it's getting a lot but
why because it talks about the Johnny Depp topic and
that's getting everyone's views that's why
everyone is
making the video and I have no idea
and I took a look at his channel which he had
n't entered in two months the last time I
entered was to certify the things
not names that these videos are
getting a lot of views they touched the
main channel yes the videos are so collecting
70 60 not those of Amber because the best ones
open these things are also
eating a lot
but not those of I don't know
but those of hunger they need
eating 100,000 150,000 what they
want they have what they are
complaining in the secondary
the salsa TV channel there are also
videos that are eating 50 80 thousand 100
thousand
but because of the Amber issue that
everyone is  making videos on the channel
about the topic amberger and johnny because
that's getting views for everyone
I go to the channel
and they have a video of johnny about amber which
is the topic of the moment
tea and I or rather it's most viral right now
in the world
1,500 views be clear you only have
views talking against me against dallas
it's time for you to assume that he only
has his followers and they are getting
less and less because
well
I wouldn't love to react really
we would laugh a lot relating because we have already
taken it we have not given it we have
given it really well every time he comes I mean
in fact the guy trembles and sweats
when the delays debate but there is a
legal issue in between that I will
tell you about okay then that's why we
couldn't give as much of
separate realities as it will be it seems
perfect to him what the other day about the golden es
[Music]
to what they sent me today I say were two
or three clicks today that I said that they are to
vent that is what happened with the
amber johnny issue
so it was a click that said because it is
about  my everything that people are not
speaking badly against the
salt channels I know or that they only speak badly of
massabi oliveira because everyone hates me
that people are not speaking against
the salt channels I know or that he
only sees that they speak badly of me about
others I don't know if it
's rational but you
will understand and it's like
well if you don't know how to add what are you going to
ask him no but boy when abi is
put the you and all these channels these
channels but it's that literally
the al capone video is against the
salt channels he oven starts saying
that these channels are garbage that I don't
know that today really how I leave
people traumatic
very truly
but how it gives one thing it's like I
tried to find new followers
why
and it's not going to get to anything to report
I already tell you that it arrives you will see it
in two times but look at
the nonsense that people talk and that's what I
tell you if I think that in my
channels there was something strange
and when I see these things my theory is confirmed
a little
because because the [ __ ] you have the
clear example but the  very clear example
of the simile plate they have already sent it to me
because come on the liver the [ __ ]
taco
the [ __ ] taco
is like watching a channel that has
two hundred and something thousand followers between 3
and 10 million visits every month
1500 to the visits that one has in
fact is the minimum we have for a
member in the worst month
and it's like how are you not going to give me the [ __ ]
plate no no it is not that it does not meet the
requirements those they told me have for
three years they have been saying that that it did not
meet the requirements
there is something strange without any extra it is without
any video in yellow
I will always think that there is on youtube and
on twitter I am clear because on
twitter I have a case of yao I will be able to
tell in detail the nerve almost and I am not
going to leave it like that of course because there are
greater distances and there are more
things that can be made known but on
twitter Spain they have laughed at a judge
in the [ __ ] face in Spain and in Europe they have laughed at
a judge in the [ __ ] face and they have
let themselves I will tell it but come on what do they
believe no  I know and I think it has to
do with turespaña and Spanish twitter stuff
but as I don't have proof at the
moment until it gets to where I
want it to get I'll tell you but
I always get the impression that
people like me
[Music]
well
and others have people or rather those who do
n't like us with colleagues
working in companies and things I don't know are
things that let's see if it changes with him
then it's going to seem like a pipe dream not the best
because it seems like a pipe dream to me
not what you tell someone I
talk to well I'm not going to tell it anymore what's
going to seem like a pipe dream but I already
know that I don't give up and that I
will never shut up in the face of any injustice
never I know never ever okay and that until
I get it because if I believe I'm right about
something until I get it out I wo
n't stop even if it costs me my last
breath
okay but if between the most
things are going to change and babe pull on the
ear and scolding and dismissal surely
or literally the experience that I have
had in something that I will tell you
is how sorry be but apart from with some
shamelessness and some writings here and others
writings there since like damn it
when then a scandal broke out
you know
how many things they've told us already that he's not going to
say funk and if I were
you I'd say everything and also there's
still a lot to know
or there are many months left
many months left there's little left but it's not my
fault if I were you I would tell you everything at
any moment look at what came most
look at the other one
but they don't let me I mean like I'm
telling you he's handsome and with the glasses grandpa
well but come on don't think I'm going to tell us I'm
only going to tell it take me in they
know I'm going straight I don't hide
anything no I don't hide anything in fact even
if I have made mistakes and I have to
be responsible for some mistake here will be
my chest
the mistakes you have to assume it okay that's
a [ __ ] cowardly piece of [ __ ] no I don't go
with it
the glasses thing is that my
eye is a little irritated and it bothers me and
on the way like santweek I finish the contact
lenses or as I've asked other mornings
I have an appointment to get my
eyesight checked because it seems very
strange to me that  I've gone up like
half a villa it's called
0.50 it seems like a lot and very strange because
for 15 years for the last 15 or 17 years my
vision hasn't changed since the year
2000 and very little at all has changed our
myopia and astigmatism at all and suddenly
two or three months ago I went and it's gone up
0.50 in each eye I think one eye a little
more and it's like
because the optician tells me that the
screens since I work so much time with a
screen but they told me but I'm not a
professional or anything and I don't know if that
can be true or not but they had told me that
the issue with screens
nowadays and also I have is that some spotlights
are the cat ones you know the photos
these cat spotlights although well I
bought these recently before I had another one that was
worse well well I protect myself I take care of myself I take
my breaks by
taking off the screen you know but they
told me that the screens in that
can happen that's telling you someone who's blind
since I was 5 years old but now we're spending
time on the PC the screens don't
deform the curvature of the  eye that's what
will do them abelló me, in the last few
years I've always heard that
the spotlights can give you problems
every so often I only put them on
to record but when I had
bad spotlights even live I didn't put them on for
a while but they came out tired and it was a lot of money live
in fact even live I
put them on this low and these are good
these are the cat ones those cost 200
I pay for each one which I don't know why the hell it
costs so much
there's one it went up a bit in one eye and I never
had a vision problem I think it's
an urban myth it's a lie the screen doesn't
damage almost anything nowadays the spotlights
do but you can stay or so what is
the limit for myopia or in other words you can go
blind the plan maybe one day I won't
see or so one day there will be no more
contact lenses or glasses no no I'm not going to
wait because everyone I
listen to has operations and a problem
with the logo drying out I don't know if maybe
in five or ten years
things will be more advanced and people will be
happier but I
think 78 is the limit no no a  The
optician told me that there were people who were
like 20, they
say 20,
those blind, no, because I have them, I have them, I
think so, and now and now they would be
six and something or something like that, no,
Javi, there comes a time when,
yes, but listen to me, let's see the blind man, you
can go blind from working,
I mean on screen, yes, that is
literally blind, there are no glasses or contact lenses that are worth it, that
can ever happen, that doesn't happen, it's not
the most that can happen is that you
remain at the maximum level of myopia, no, I don't
know how much it is, no, that can't happen to us, of
course Samuel says it
could be that he
had a truck in the
Ibai string today in which one
and I'm going to tell you something that I spoke with
Ibai, I'll tell you a little thing that I have to
talk about a lot, it's that I don't tell
anything after Chavez because then they are
surprises and that thing about how you can go
blind, that you can't know how to do blind, like
today, watch out, I'm not working
anymore, the live shows are over here, so many
videos are over here, the videos are over now, I'm
going for it  627 of myopia as to
what is the limit
the limit is seven or ten in some
source 13 [ __ ] 13
yes three in a ball 13 double what I have
to me written the street tells me I
don't know if you reach validity there is
a myopia that is degenerative and yes
you can go blind but it is not common
already already it was already known if prey not in
mine obviously
Alexa
Alexa [ __ ] Alexa what has happened to you my
life to unplug Lore let's
connect you
it's true we are here asking things
when Alexa is going to tell us wait a
moment
she is not going to say quickly families that I do
n't know why we worry so much
when we have the ex here that
Karime brought us from Mexico directly and
we can know everything automatically oh
michu has 22 in one eye you put
in the chavo he read it wrong that's right you do
n't go blind what nonsense there comes a
time that for it is myopia
Alexa
Alexa how much is the maximum myopia
here there  something I found on the
web faithful translated according to
docs.com myopia increases with age up to
a maximum of 67 percent in the
age group of 30 to 39 years after
this age the myopia decreases
noticeably of pedroche
that decreases
smoking something very strange today or rather now
now it turns out that suddenly it turns out
that suddenly decreases this one
neither for party they have them you
know how it is but everything I will ask him for a
chick pie and he put me to cow dollar
decreases will it be the myopia it is not
reversible it decreases
due to presence to xavi
my mother already decreases with age it
refers to the increase in myopia that
decreases
but let's see what decreases alexa how much is
the maximum myopia
here is something I found on the
web and translated according to
docs.com myopia increases with age up
to a maximum of 67 percent in the
age group of 30 to 39 years after
this age myopia decreases
noticeably after casting the myopia
decreases noticeably
alex to myopia is red reversible
here's something i found on the
web well translated according to the
children dot org nearsightedness can't be
reversed or cured but it can be
treated
alexa can you go blind looking at
screens
here's something i found on the
web well translated according to
reference.com looking at a
computer screen in the dark won't cause
permanent eye damage but it can
cause eye strain according to the
abc news medical unit
so family tomorrow i'm going to get my
eyesight tested period okay they're going to put on some contact
lenses
[Music]
that they told me are also more
expensive because more of this so do
the members okay and then on the other hand
i'm going to say put on makeup to the ceo
no longer alex to whom javi oliveira
this is what i found about javi
oliveira but a youtube personality from
spain' who has become famous for his
channel with the same name has obtained
more than 83 million
total views for his mockery and interviews with
other youtubers and social media stars
along with movie reviews and
publications about video games period he
is married and has one daughter  not
outdated either but look at you
and reveals it is irrelevant
and revealing
how irrelevant the plane is and will tell me
that you ask Alexa and she tells you we
ask her for someone else the truck
in which change in the ibai live to
see the meetings of that
cameo in the ibai live
how can we find that familiar
the rough to wanda muñequito I already
want
[Music]
to play pop and that typical doma
raffle but I don't have time
I want to play pop and avery by
last live
5 hours ago and where is the change
where is the change
[Music] I
don't know what it is
but the cameo that has been what type
if I have to play pop and but I have to be
able to not see you another
Victor Diaz with news and raffles
but it is from everyone it
is three hours of live that tells you the
minute who warned you they do not speak put
three or four
touch the change here writing that it
is well called by a few in
records and there is Paulette and Peter these
forms is the pulse is Javi the shoe
or rather anyone else mentioned is not
so the change is not like that
the way they
talk on record now at the end
ask Alexa who is the xerl
faces rolling with laughter
the couple is
initial game shares it
and
today today today today today today the contest tests you
have to say
waiting for your turn watching television
doing
has
a
good
director of
[Music]
game
for
me
but I don't have
the problem starts here
below there is how to enter a code and it doesn't matter if it is
found tell me
okay it's a hacker welcome
just like that goes by group or just
picador just be we
do two rooms
are drawn
I'm going to be completely sincere take it
for Alex who was the ranger leader
here you have an answer from a user
of Alexander translated
Alexander who abi the youtuber
to vis was launched on November 10,
salsa
from 92 that
Alexa who is
is a youtuber with 400,000 subscribers
since the creation of the channel on
September 19, 2012 they have received a total
of 16 million 271 thousand 700 Alexa for
good  family let's see it
seems that not even Sanz Fado
man what are boomers about those who know how to
combine them 3 13 33 and the final minute
is the final minute man you're going to turn out
michat more boomer than me
what's up kids who's watching
this youtube please subscribe
to the channel we just arrived today today we have
reached subs today we have reached
today we have reached subs I think when
we reached 238 it may be that we have
reached 238 thousand today
or 200
238 thousand today we have reached 138 thousand
subscribers
you can be one of them
what the [ __ ] not to ask
people to subscribe like that well let's see
what's wrong with him or what he has done okay he
was here eating a magnum okay
doing a promo or what the hell not the
day that I get a promo about eating
time that I don't like eating on
cameras god I don't know why but I don't like it
I imagine that at some point I'll get a
third and I'll have to screw myself but they don't
eat me I do
n't feel comfortable 8  wv black heart tables
thank you very much
I am that people ask the question
welcome to Adrian is the new member
to see the question like this in
Vegeta's girlfriend seriously
what benefit does it give him thank you very much and the
old age girlfriend is for nothing either
oysters the other day I really got
chatting I know that people like that
people sometimes come out with their
theories and their moves and their things but
the other day a
video of
vegetables was recommended to me he throws me a funny
little phrase about these funny birds and
people come out it is
written like this chip typing
not even doing nor
me
that you have to search thank you very much
Lisa that you have to search reached the
chip this can't be controlled I
leave
at 7 am and a half that Ania felt
bad
honestly it gave me the impression of
canilla she felt bad about him the subject
of the role the subject of the role this with 8
and 8 and Susana look at you that the
pique appeared very real I don't know why taking
it all out of context my goodness
and look how I control myself look how I
control myself because the last time with him
meme about the crossing and everything well
people weighed in with nonsense so this is how it is
I'm controlling myself
so that people aren't on tiptoe
with the chip but my goodness
Noemi to the comments that I read
that if the girlfriend who is there and the other thing
that is nonsense what is
two friends
laughing and doing nonsense just like I
tell him nonsense there will also have to be
and also extra you know and that you have
seen me with 8
what is nonsense and with 8 it was four times
worse four times worse you know it is like that it
is the vomit but nothing there will be
nothing
worth 200 boys there will never be anything or
rather it is taken seriously because there will never
be anything clear to think about the meaning of
the word crash but even several
times it is like I read your comments and it
is like look I am
going to Paco I am not going to leave low
welcome welcome to the family Paco
huge hug welcome to tobacco
and enjoy I was already finishing the water so
rich
pp thank you very much sweetheart and to knock it down they did not even
receive minutes
sacrifice brass ten to solve
things
I like the sacrifice of buster phrase of the
ex you bought and with our you
too  I say more or less the same things
andfun
flirting you know but it doesn't really mean
anything you know just friends
things it's not just about enjoying it it's that I do
n't know I prefer that you enjoy it that you
take it as cool how fun look at you silly
people I hope that we don't get too
extreme of of no this can't be he has a
girlfriend how does he do this you know or mine
is very heavy I don't
want it in itself they are not
childish jokes it's not supporting
the best white Julia it
's a yukata it's about going by box I
felt like it today I see you a probable moment in
its essence when in tweezers moment of
host win how much text roles sun
correct or I mean the role thing is cool
because it serves you well so that it marks jce how do you
say a line of there is no more it's
roll go but it's not really
role we are like that we like to fool around we like to
talk we like rhythms but I
think that I think that the subject of there is
nothing more I think that the subject of 8 and
Susana she really like felt
or at least had an attitude this
having illuminated xxi freaking out I'm not
too much  stoned but it was like he got
upset it was like I didn't really see him off it
gave me the impression that the
same milk really with the subject of
Susana and well Susana herself
was not yes from Susana herself she what she
gave to understand in some live shows after
giving explanations that she really did
like 8 yes she knew about solutions
with 8
okay whatever happens let him enjoy
let the moment flow but don't be
intensive okay there's nothing okay it's that
later I read the comments and I get heated
then I don't want to tell you anything because I
don't believe that what twenty thousand
clicks know or things like that and I think we all
have two fingers in front and we know
that it's two friends having a good time and that's it and that
's the club period that's it but
neither do I with my life and he with his he's
already there happy that I am it's that
many years have passed chat nine
years
nine years it's the nonsense the vomit and that's it I
agree great I don't want to talk
more about this subject because I don't want to
give it so much importance but it is what it is you
watch
YouTube and you see a video and everyone
in the comments saying nonsense and
things like that and I'm like chile that is if they
are I'm not doing anything is if they
are I'm not doing anything in fact the
day that he made a comment I stayed
quiet like I'm not saying anything I'm not saying
anything but you already know how I am that I
really like
the death
that we did now no no if I don't have it
for you I say it because as it was
said surely they are going to release a clip
surely they are going to upload it to youtube
so I don't say it now I say it to myself maybe I
explained myself more and it comes out of
context possibly but well I have
said it that they leave us the magnet how much I
want to do the command 1 well another one is going to fall
how much I want to be it's more it hasn't been
good well I don't know in family it came out like I have
n't seen her like super
angry like I've seen out there in the
youtube titles and I go up the
camera will see it one day I will find out
why the camera goes up by itself while
we are live little by little without
anyone noticing but when I
hit the table the sense is going to be used
in that sense it has no  none but
well family I mean literally if
there's someone who takes the issue
of children seriously it
's like when they called us Dalai and Javi
but those are jokes in fact I think it
's like
relationships like what
relationship is impossible because in that case
for example because we had hated each other we
hadn't gotten to kill each other and then
such crazy beautiful to that very
funny things but there are
people who yes yes you have people in your
then trim who take it seriously
because literally they are kids okay there is no
other explanation to give to that
family auro has spoken out regarding
something that interests us a lot and that
is that in a little while in a
very few shaw game string let's go I'm
looking forward to knowing what that
dick is going to be about okay os saw game that it seems like no
but the saints little by little
time is passing I want to do them before I
go on vacation the outgames are going already
okay approximately I would say
man this month no longer
well beginning of the other rather
yes man but beginning of the other if
that is going to be gorgeous it
seems to be it seems to be that it seems to be that it
is a
spectacle at the level  of the
squid games okay javi you said it the one I said
merit that I said I don't know it's that I
'm telling things and you guys go to
another thing in the chat which is what I said you
know you said it when I was a kid them to
holguín to the outgames okay the
outgames this is going to be done at any
moment with which well I have work I have
work so I will take care of that
in fact I think that right now
we will launch the official trailer what
you saw of the games is a small
teaser
and I can say that very soon you will
see the trailer
I am receiving information that very
soon, I mean you will see the trailer
stay very attentive to your screens in
the next few hours
it is a small teaser I think that
throughout this week we may be able to upload
the official trailer the trailer okay yes
that is already there I am not talking about it maybe and
people who thought that that was already going to
do us but of course just because I don't talk about it does
not mean that we are not working they
are working very very hard very hard
believe me  there's a very big team behind it, a great team, a great team, it
's the same guy,
well, the same team that made
Squid Games, okay, and it looks like it's going to be
off, really
good, really good to experience it, it's
legal and its people are there working their
butts off. This week they're going to
send some things for a voiceover,
so that a voice actor is the logical thing,
we're working on it
and voice actor, okay, voice actor,
everything is probably aimed at
wanting to get the same as they bought
the rights to the Squid Game players, it's
very crazy, okay, it's easy to say, but they
bought the rights to the
Squid Game to be able to call them
Squid Game literally, okay, to be able to
make the official series, so it's
true that they made like another
Squid Game series, but I think it's because they don't
have the rights to them, but it's that these
people bought the rights to the
Squid Game to make the series. The tweet
- rival, this SAO thing, I don't know if it's going to be a
rival yet, they're what escapes me,
okay, and we're going to do it. Well, really,
but it has nothing to do with this,
friends, let go of your arm.  to the people
please it has nothing to do with but with
the script game it has nothing to do
in the end you will use the voice of the actor of the show we
are going to try
passage it is a matter of agenda we already have all
the text written, that is to say all
the event of the show game is already
written now we are going to send it to the actor
to see if he can do it there are more than 300
lines of text
if due to availability he cannot do it no
problem we will do it with another person who
well I have a similar voice there
are 300 lines of text what he has to
dub
is a lot of text
of [ __ ] host 300 lines is the anus
the 300 lines is the itae
if that person cannot because he also
has work that we are talking about a
professional actor then we will do it with
another one who well also does it very well no problem no problem
loaded 3 300
lines of text the care is what he
has to dub with which is good it is not
going to be an advantage the truth is that he is going to
do the crazy one let's see they say that they say that it is going to
be more powerful more handsome than
the squid game man
remember how much time we had in the
egg of the  squid did you remember that
[ __ ] madness uff
living we spent it as a family my
mind is coming back to the day that
day 1 day 1 the day that was going to
start the 10th we were there how do you
remember that we started like on a street you
know it was like a street imitating
when they pick up when the car came to
pick you up uff what a handsome man it was what a shame what
always what a shame no what
always happened and if one day I go to
something else then they'll kick me out the
first day another way or they'll make sure
that you and I earn so that I can't
be in that is everything that is me
growing in my career okay growing in my
work
until the day that I get that of being and
growing and growing because people support me
for example that everyone who is
watching this deal subscribes who wants it is
not fighting against the system
against youtube because it wants to generate in the end
if there are people who care about
following me then they find me or that
people become members okay I don't know if
all of you who are here right now
live
member because I think that  right now I
have more members spectators
express the ways and the day that I have
a great power and it is like a
great power as if I wanted to destroy something
not a power I imagine like that it has
weight not like now not that it has weight on
the platform be and that they do not throw me there
to
the voice of knowledge of 2000 where I say
a nobody
reported this and to know why it is
crystal clear that in the
squid games what would happen is that
someone
some bad guy from somewhere
would choose and I
and I would
care I could not stand that I
was in the squid game that there was
more than one that could not stand it of
all the groups that hate me of all they
were all commenting on the subject of the
squid game some indirectly
and others directly but all putting
something I
remember that the people of lyon plana
for example put
the karma carnival because they had
bathed me karma and as karma or rather
karma that we have handled was dedicated and
this has to do with your story and
then from other directions also from other
groups also from all of all
they put things there  that to see the series
today who they put in you have to see them
sportivo don't let it be so obvious and no I
hope that it's going to
be an event that's why we'll
finish roll p
soon we'll finish roll I asked for this
other one click here to see it too
that we will only be there we will be don't go I'm not
going to leave I'm not I'm I would
be here who's leaving is well
well the role play no I don't I don't rest
assured that I'm not leaving I'm not leaving
here here I will be how many chapters are
left I don't know after you had an
audience when I played [ __ ] I was one of
those with the highest audience removing the
big guys but that's because people are having a
good time
removing the big guys in the
squid game I was one of those who was having the most
we had him at the moment that they shot me
6,100 I think it was the peak six thousand one hundred
people
not doing sal seo that one of those that
what Javier and Beira are saying is
irrelevant
it's deleting if every day 67 thousand
viewers try to play a
video game see if they see six or seven
thousand viewers playing  to a video game
ha ha ha ha well
and then
in gta it wasn't bad at all it wasn't anything
more yes it is true that it is a
less viral event than the one
now the event was in London the no to I do
n't know community of spectators to the
others I imagine that when auron does it
and such yes you will have
normal spectators but those that are the other
streamers I think are not sounding very
strong the deep subject and I'm not saying this
because of resentment or anything but but
sincerely it is hitting us
hard no it was not bad whatever the deep subject
well I think that
every day between 1000 2000 2100 1500
today is the day
I was betting on your victory in the
squid game and your pj in London you were
doing well in both there is
no victory in both he is playing
and doing every day the story comes to mind
or prepared although we had
prepared it because you want there is no
pau he has half a hand in the
story
then they handled it too a few
days
[Music]
dude I don't know if the n device they
shot him that was with the two that I got involved with I got
involved with them both and I
imagine that they shot him for some
progressive [ __ ] okay they shot him because
torto said in a string he plays the role
of the typical clown of the typical [ __ ]
no and that he says rude things and it was deleted and
on a diet he said the word I don't know if I
can say that word in tweets you
hadn't and just in case but in the word
I counted tr
the grandfather okay to have the grandfather you know and
it's a word that evidently he doesn't
use in his normal and current vocabulary
but he's playing a role that he
plays it's a role I think they fired him
because let's see when I'm already thinking well I
think they fired him because it had to do
with me you know but well
[Music]
the thing is that the thing is there we
were in London with 2000
viewers every day
we only made two chapters almost three I would
n't have surely we would have had a
great time I'm sure that when
we had made a story  for the
crash we would have
met now
we would have
the day he came in and I one we
would have had some
funny stories because they are Andalusian and of the same
vibe as my character
but people have to [ __ ] off because they can't
stand that people who do
this kind of things I think it's
I think it's more than because of the hate they
move against me which also because I
know that there is I
can say it but I know that there are
moves in which they know every
movement I make or so all
my strings all my
tweets are timed if I have posted a tweet and
then rabah the second one they have it
saved you know and that's partly what they have
with me and on the other hand
because they don't want one of us to
become bigger, more known and more
famous because if one day I have to
post something then they don't want me to have that's what
I think we should have and then
outside
if you're not attentive
anyone comes and today we're going to fix
this somehow we're going to stop being
[ __ ] let's
see if I have to comment on something about some of them
because about a sanse or the like I'm going to
comment on this more or less  it will be of
interest to people, but they know a
lot of what they do and what they are about
and if they have,
if you have viewers, they don't even have them
or if you know what I know what people send me
when there is an ally of course,
like they send me the Aurum things, how are
the video things going when are the
Vegeta things going, you know, but
how will it be that it would be screwed up to be
aware of the life of someone that I hate
and above all in that sense
but it's not better there are five or six more
or less left, not many more, five or six
chapters there may be less so it
may be it may be that
we are on Monday, it may be that
next week I think that also on the one
hand I would have
stopped doing London which
is daily given
because I don't know if it was the casting or
who but in the two gods it has not been
something certain, thank you very much that there will be
this yes of course from some
colleagues, for example I found out that the
role of Carola was being
impressive that the role of you know that there
were many sprint that were quite
powerful but for the role that I was
carrying which was more humorous, more
funny, such I think it would not have been enough for us
daily string and already
taking into account all the
work I have with him
with the Johnny issue, thank goodness he
's helping me places apart from
Sydney now not on the main channel
with the girl with the woman that we
did tonight the live that we're going to do I
think we're going to do it every
day because the truth is it has had a
good reception so yes we will surely
cover the trial every day
surely okay well thanks free thank you
very much
welcome end welcome to lata thank you very much
to all of you who at six members
okay the link is pinned in the chat
in case you want to become a member but I don't
think we wouldn't have done daily content
I think daily content wouldn't have
come a time in two or three
weeks when the content wouldn't have been
daily but two or three times a week
okay so I want to find a slot this
week it
's Tuesday I don't want to find a
slot let's see if it can be tomorrow
start it time I want to search I
want to do the pop and this pop game I
want to do this pop it game this one that
is so fashionable I think we're going to have
a good laugh doing that
but I'll do that in tweets only
okay that  I'll do it in tweets when
Pop plays and I'll do it in tweets only because I'm
not going to leave the live shows here, who knows,
guys uploaded, okay, I'll do it in tweets and
if it's fun, we'll upload it edited to the
main channel, Paulo will send it to him and if
not, for the entire gameplay in game over
here we'll see if it could be, let's see the
calendar,
if it could be next week here we'll
see more or less, yes, I don't see him
as super motivated in the role, this
London
but from the beginning, from the
beginning, I don't see him as being
super, super,
if it could be, maybe throughout
next week we can
calmly finish the story, I know, it's
also that I have to take care of it
too,
Paula is still alive, a Karime, Paula is still
alive, in fact, well, she's taking care of some
things for the
team, but what's happening with Paula is
that right now she's reading something, well, I don't
know if I can say it, but she's
working on a cool project and she's
using this package, let's see if she gets paid on that other
project,
poor thing, let's
see, today there was a
[Music]
well, more than anything, a response
from Jordi While, I don't know  if today is the day
lion already heart always leaving you but
never saying anything huge kiss then
if you could pass me Karime the minute of
Jordi's response because the
bastard put it in the title he says
I tell him tired of the unaccompanied
minors immigrants unaccompanied oh no
this is a clip so we can see it no more
more than anything so we can see
Jordi's thoughts which ones no regarding
the smoke they made yesterday to
relate no longer to boxing with what had
happened in the shooting that no I'm telling you
that it has nothing to do or rather the only thing it
has to do with is that it is supposed that
the conspiracy theory is that he had
is something similar to the complaint that has a
voice with the issue of the intention that
some leftist parties may have to
allow certain things in the country or
rather what Vox says that a guy
takes a machine gun and goes to a
supermarket and does what he has done well there
is a very long way to go
okay let's leave it there because you already
have the video here on the path if you
want to see my opinion on prison
gives it to Jordi while yesterday well you see
okay but let's not only
relate it to boxing and do gymnastics
to relate the voice with the shooting it's the
same as when what it was also
is that they are characters that you [ __ ]
shot the podemistas it's like
what is it with the war in Ukraine the
war in Ukraine Vox
everything is that they are characters but well
let's see a little what Jordi was saying
that I think it was not crazy that he
is seeing a lack of control it is being a
cynic for me the least are a
public danger right now and there will be very
good people one hundred percent but
literally what you are protecting that
within the veins there is household goods are very good people there are those that
the noise sounds what you see is to
see is a dangerous group in the air in
Eurovision box and in fact with Chanel they have
made a tremendous fool of themselves in Podemos and it
began to
in fact look
[ __ ] don't tell me that it is closed
yes but I have it here in a moment
let's see you see
these are the ones from Sálvame that it is all
politics or in other words the issue of  save me Rocío
Carrasco and well that PSOE rally in
Madrid literally this is all political campaign
and therefore
putting its foot in it
is
a plea for feminism, I mean here it is no longer about
who is the best or worst artist or who
puts on more of a show which song is
prettier no no what is a plea for
feminism okay and also Fidel script of
the two bases the political propaganda the
script aso of the two as if it were
prepared and therefore it happens
in fact even Chu Keira is this one they
were at the
Rocío Carrasco concert in Madrid this concert on the 8th
precisely also it's all
related it's all it's all a plot I mean
everything you see on TV be
careful with your mothers your look
because for example your honor when
I say things that are fax that are
true they get angry and I also have a
lady who every day sends me photos
like she is in the md on Instagram and
Twitter look I do
n't know if it's
because she's sold on the things I
say about the PSOE of voice are people who are
not going to change her  the mentality already
says it in the chat javi to the gossip that at
our ages you are not going to
change our mentality it's like of course
literally what you're telling me
that I have a closed mind
that you haven't made me change my opinion
closed what you are saying
but look at how they manipulate the people
who watch these programs these things
anything goes political campaign look at the script that
both have
[Applause]
a song we are afraid of gaceta which
was the most ridiculous thing you could throw
in your face
[Applause]
also the song of the chata was the
soundtrack of one of the two
programs of Rocío Carrasco the one from
Montealto the special they did on
Montealto that lasted several weeks
was it was the song of this one from the zeta of
government they are called I mean they are all
connected they are a conspiracy you know how when you
see like when it happened to me, a
newspaper that spoke badly of me and another
that said I don't know what they were all and others
retweeted it and another group with more access that's how
people
function like in groups if you are
with me you are with me we are  They are like
groups, you know, like me, for example, I go it
alone. I may be closer to
the ideology of some of my colleagues, but I
still don't think about everything like they do. I can be in
favor of finding some
things, it's not there, but I go, you know, not to
these people. They are all in one, it's like
we get together, we join forces
[Applause]
and then you see them in real life and the
life they lead and so on. They are right-wing ideals. This one, this one, is
leaving the bullfights.
How many interviews have they done? The
door is open. I'm going to see the bullfight
at the mansions. What happens is that everything
that I
like about the
job, the party has to be
that I am with the TV factory,
Jenson's. This girl is not
only the beauty that she is, but the
show, the choreography, the great song, the
staging, that tuned suit of lights, I
mean, what are you telling me?
We are going
to make a fool of myself, they wanted me for
Eurovision with that nonsense.
If bullfights in Spain are called
bullfights,
look, look at the dance of those from La Chet,
aspire to the choreography, compare me to
the wolf, look, look at the choreography. Go to
the battle
have you seen the choreography
literally javi oliveira starting
live well it
's a full track it
's like direct at 360 satisfy
everything you want now I want you to see
something with me look
at these monte alto the misfortune jury
during his last 20
well
montero life and from montero comes out minister
she wonders why they are
eating our because they are so
afraid of our rights
so that
the protective mothers who are
fighting for their rights and those of their
children in this campaign to remind them
that when the policies we make are
feminist women live better
but also colleagues and companions
men live better because a country with more
friendship is a more democratic country for
all and for all
unity is worth it we can take
the Benidorm election system to congress it's
workers' commissions they demand that the management annul
the designation of
chanel or in other words, since I don't win by fair means
blow a kiss to my mother
who loves you a kiss to ariel's mother
huge kiss because because of the fame they
have to get things from the result it
often works like mobsters
you know how no no how it hasn't achieved
for good like as you know there's a
contest and who wins who goes to
Eurovision well since people haven't
made the [ __ ] shitty
recipe song the winner and ridiculousness of a
giant tit on it on stage
saying we're carrying
like since people haven't done that as
winners well they have to get it the
hard way it reaches the workers' commissions we
can arrive and they have to annul
the contest that this woman did win you
know
and then when they saw that the woman was
all powerful and swept they
could there we are going to take her
side and we are going to say that she is
against Vox they
are pathetic pathetic socialist
criticizes Slow look at the fact news of the
world the socialist party criticizes is
the most the Chanel song is worth it like
the socialist party denounces that the
sugar daddies mo to which in its opinion
the lyrics of the chosen song refer is
a form of prostitution
and then look at the dam bite daddy
god they are pathetic I know who
the [ __ ] votes for this [ __ ] [ __ ] god they put one thing and now the same song doesn't seem bad to them what has happened what happened is that in  this one from podemos
in this study we had it posted
for an excerpt but in the end not the
buses okay let's
see what they send me
and Amanda I'm worth it but it doesn't come out it
says rapes have increased by
32% evictions 58% the
world ranking of well-being for women in
Spain has fallen from fifth place to 14th
to HBO
in the European ranking of LGBT rights and
from second to 11th
can someone tell me what the hell
podemos and psoe have served for
absolutely to place
colleagues in chiringuitos and give them
positions so you work so you collect
a free salary
literally this tweet what happened
when they posted this tweet they hacked
the heads of their own voters and it's going to
be another excerpt of this but in the
end I haven't done it look at it look at it
okay go to this tweet from Podemos
and check it out for yourselves their
own voters are saying but what the
hell is she exposing in this tweet in case you
were saying that the song was I don't
know what about prostitution in case you
were saying that the song was an
apology to use  the woman and the sugar
daddy post and in case he's wearing a
bullfighter's suit for god's sake of killing animals
at night they have already hacked the heads of
their own followers of their own
voters because it's like seeing the [ __ ]
[ __ ] that you have put in them and that you
are putting in them to use them for your
own benefit not in
human welfare or in the rights of the oppressed well
now suddenly they find themselves with
this because because the girl is
sweeping and you want to somehow
take her to your territory to buy
votes like this or to scrape votes like this well there
comes a time when you for a payment you
send another swing because the people who
vote Podemos what's left the 0.0 I don't know
what it says but let's see weren't they
telling us that this was sexual to the
woman anyway [ __ ] [ __ ] no then
can you tell me
the minute in which Jordi responded
to yesterday's case Caribe
in it
if Karim Eba has sent more excerpts
from the stick with the well with the things that
Jordi had said regarding the issue of
immigration always in the end it was what we
are talking about not the issue of the unaccompanied minors
that  They come to commit crimes,
illegal immigration and things like that, that's
what Jordi was criticizing. Okay, but
people are forming Jordi, it's
like three hours and a little bit, people
are sounding like Jordi because Jordi has
collaborated with Roma Gallardo because Joel
Díaz collaborates with Iker Jiménez, there
he is, Jiménez, the progressives on Twitter have it in for him
and sima because because Iker
Jiménez gets along very well with Roma
Gallardo, he has made them friends, he is
giving Roma Gallardo a hard time on television and they
love us and they are, let's go, they are
giving him a good one because he invited Wall
Street to come back and also Jordi Wild
even if it's half because he has always been
half progressive and there is Ximénez, they
have them already in cross, they have already made the
group
three hours and a little bit, no, let's see,
companies, but some people have taken
advantage of them because there are people who are
typical workers who do not even know
what this is that I did, well, my
savings, as I want to understand right now
and
hypocritical at what moment
or  either he answered in the end no
in the end
and extremes of rape and there were many
more
than one adult what yes or the island uses
only who we are so in the end you and I
can have an opinion that the rule has to
be one thing that means that before
a team of pu
jajajaja
and that the Hmong or those who call me
fascist calo let's see next week that you
are simply announce that this
Thursday in the same project Oriol
Junqueras
now that I am and I don't bring it to make
an ambush
everything goes
and looted
and looted so calm
and loots Yunquera so calm
uncle
Jordi is also an interview
with one who more with the
ruffian with Gabriel Rufián did in an
interview I don't know if it was Gabriel on his
channel or Jordi on the ruffian's channel
Jordi said
to insult him to make him look ridiculous I'm
not bringing them because I think he's an
interesting person and I want to talk to
him I want to know why he did what he did
how he lived what he lived he
seems to me to be a fascinating person to
talk to because he's someone who has had
an influence in recent years in
tremendous spain whether you like it or not it
is a reality and like so many
interesting people it deserves to be heard then
when the talk is over each one can
say he has convinced me he has not
convinced me he is an idiot he is a guy who
well I understand his point of view he is a
phenomenon but listening to him but what he doesn't
realize is that all
kinds of people come here I am delighted that it
is like this but damn it don't
bring me sanz experts who talk to us because of
course I have many faults and there
in my past more I had a mentality is
that today that I had before than
today they disgust me but today I do
n't give a damn because not and
not here but I will continue when I see a
problem and when a
problem is seen again be it in immigration or in napo we have to be
careful with this
because I lack copyright it is the l
puts copyright this issue that we
cannot react entered click politics
be it in any type of society I am
going to talk about it and I am going to deal with it and if for that reason
by simply putting it in front of
you I already become the worst then
you are all going to get screwed really screwed
because  I'm going to do the same because I don't give a
damn but damn in the end I don't care
because I have the story made up but there are a
lot of people who are at best influenced who might
think similar things and
who will be afraid to speak so that
four [ __ ] people don't come and say that
you are a fascist and you are a 1
but I think that in the end it is
this is the answer to karim eba
responded more
this is the answer to responded more
regarding yesterday's topic
talking about many things well they told him
that 80% of these types of attacks were
from immigrants but not because
80 percent of immigrants
have problems because it is not like that of
all of them there is a small remnant like
in everything that for whatever reason it is
economic social it does not matter and that there will be
bad people too as there are many
more people born here but this has to be
talked about to try to
solve it not to mark them not to
try to solve it to understand
why it is happening what it is they
need more education more and in some
way more plans so that when they arrive that they
will arrive yes or yes so that when they
arrive they adapt quickly and if not  they
adapt and have the possibilities
there if outside because it is logical of course
but that they have the possibility to
adapt and yes be happy here or in
France or in Russia more Russia go to country I
said I see that only releases fax
in this what do you want me to tell you
more money but that's where the end comes in I
think that this type of pointing more until it
gets there those that are 25 seconds
of video in the bar to Kylie I think that
this type of personnel well control you
do a stream and
the day the guy doesn't show the weapon
until it gets there those that are 25
seconds of video in the nonsense every
minute
with which people reporting but you know
what is [ __ ] up that I am sure I
bet my balls that they travel also that
the chapare takes a long time the live
because the live although the strong part
is although the strong part is a few
seconds I do not know if at the minute I think that
if it reaches the minute what happens is that the
piece that is rolling around has a
cut in the middle and Cesar a whole part not to
be because he skips a part of the
boxes Cesar is there a good part but it
takes time they take  time to close the
channel because the electric doesn't start when he
arrives in the car at the parking lot
apparently he opens the string like half an hour
before arriving at the site he spends half an
hour in the car arriving at the site
so it's true that man that I imagine it
will have I don't know but we're talking
about a sprint that had 20 viewers
these events very viral afterwards but the
string had 20 viewers what comes out
in the literal captures that are out
there what I don't know how the hell it's recorded that's what freaks me out
how that
is recorded
if there were 20 viewers guys
looking all like that but no no no
surely in that chat there would be
people what the [ __ ] call of duty
because even I put a tweet that we'll
talk about this from emilio del río 0
but he put me in a tweet hallucinated with
this and there were people commenting on call of
duty mercadona
jokes it just happened damn does it
make the reality there is no filter it
just happened if this appears it's
been 25 years but it just happened you
have to play the [ __ ] joke on me
because I'm sure that at that very
moment conductive was killing people  I
opened the insurance insurance
no because really person the cha cha did
not charge any part it is not true
the talk that I work wow amazing
skills is that I play it dude that no
this is not funny anymore this there is no
limit well I think they are ending
the lives of people god
leave your mind that you have already looted without
life dude they
are people who have literally been
left without life knowing about each and every one of
the people I do not know how many died that
the two died like 6 at 18 but
wounded were day 12 but of those who
have died it has screwed up not only that
the deceased die may they rest in peace
but what that entails in the lives of
their relatives
but there is no limit because because in the
end I buy you if I buy dressing if you
want that tweets cannot filter it is
cannot stop it they won but tweets and
what it could have is that every
registered user was what we
were talking about at the beginning they get an
ID yes and when this
streaming is over it is tight there is a person
responsible in tweets that reviews if that
chat and according to what things have been said of course of
course because that I am up to the
points  balls and I don't know why they take so long
dude I don't know why they
take so long to do that dude
literally this thing about multiple
accounts on twitter twitter would be left
with half the users because there are people
who have 89 multiple accounts to
say everything they don't have balls they decide
on their own they know they don't have balls to
want to be the victim then they know but it
's like today is the day
javi sorry to interrupt but I came
from your al capone video and you are one of the
few good or big channels that
I see that shuts capone up with
what he said everyone played him more because of the
fear respect they have for him very few
told him the truth I congratulate you I really
bought beats for this you find it
very funny thriller thank you very much I'm
glad you liked it having
respect for everyone try to
have it me if I miss work and on
top of that with lies for the truth they
can go a little to [ __ ] the same
can repercussions crime because if it is
called on me but of course
social networks have to have everyone
identified everyone identified
on social media
like I did in the jungle you can
find a zebra with a frog or
something that stings you no no no no
social media everyone whether on
twitter accounts whatever but
registered with their identity
like the things they do
when they talk to me on twitter today here I
have a bit of a mess well I don't know having had
indirectly not because
of this tweet precisely this
tweet about the supermarket because they
started accusing me I
am a realist people who have it in for me and take
any excuse to
attack not like I was
astonished with what happened this
supremacist guy who went to kill
black people in a supermarket and if I am the
racist that I am with racist messages
when I sometimes spoke about the unaccompanied minors or
the emir of certain
immigration problems that we will talk about now
calmly as if I give wings to this
type of people and this type of message or it
is written to me that you are comparing
fedetur to censorship that they are trying to
do to you or rather the thing is that they are
comparing you that if you tell the truth
employment and  be careful because among the people
here legally because they come to steal they come to commit crimes they
come to rape they
come to kill Venegas to attack us
in how many videos are there
how many videos are there of
illegal immigrants who steal they hit you I don't know what
eye be careful no racism problem
nothing if who sees nor everyone here to
work legally understands me I don't care about
that exactly I don't care who
my neighbor is
for what I don't want criminals
and much less that they endanger the
integrity of my family I think it
's logical
but be careful that's not racism no no
but I went to toast where they want to
censor you what they want to do better that you
tell those truths that it is coming
to
encourage things like that to end up happening what has
happened it is strong frost what they
are accusing you of I
know strong fabric of what they accuse you of they
are blaming me totally
a psychopath in the US a guy who doesn't
speak even two words of Spanish
totally has me as a reference for something
when in my life and I think that if there is
a podcast in the world where all kinds
of opinions are respected  where we have
talked about everything from everyone
absolutely everyone and they are
talking about all kinds of races to all
kinds of people with different ideas
that to me there are real people who in their
heads are in the idea that Jordi
clear as he talks about this but how you do you have to
be so mentally [ __ ] you are
so mentally deficient as to associate
what I can talk about with a guy who has
killed 12 people were 10 12
people in the US with a rifle a
supremacist the crazy one who believes in
conspiracy theories but but that we are crazy
if one of my first
clips is that races do not exist when
Pavlova came here they resort to talking about
that genetically it is most likely that
races as such do not even exist but what
are you telling me the only thing that I have
done that there will have been four times
five times in two years to talk about that there is
a certain problem at least here of
immigration that surely is a
minority and that what I do is
show it and talk about it because for
me the minority thing there would be
the real figures that we will
never have  everyone many people
are afraid to talk about the subject because of
attacks I'm simply exposing it
in the media when there's
a V or a murder or an assault
something strong okay if it's an immigrant
sometimes there are some media that don't tell
you man what's done done a
man a young man of 23 years old has done done
some teams but they don't tell you
the nationality and to live is important let's see it's
logical
what's logical
the direct hasn't gone I don't think so
but I'm the first and you can look at the
[ __ ] newspaper archives that always talk about
immigration as something positive
immigration is always positive and
immigration comes from wherever it comes from Spain
is an aging country we have a
shitty birth rate people don't want to
have children we need
young people whether they're from Morocco, Algeria,
Egypt, Finland or the USA
we need young people from wherever they come from and
we have been very big on
many occasions another thing is that we don't
talk about if there is a minority that
has certain problems that there is a
certain problem that is juice for
other
social groups like the unaccompanied minors in which they
don't have much control not because of
them but because of the mess we
have  currently set up does not give them the
possibility of adapting, having a
job, studying, they are people who
have nothing to do when you have
nothing to do it is done in is a minority
javi but it is still serious because a
single v is already enough for the
salty man but it is not a single
v the one
that is heard every week a lot
of things Morocco, Spain or
Belarus is a problem because when you have
nothing to do is when
bad ideas arise sometimes it is already, I
mean I have always had this concept, this
idea and it pisses me off that they
call me things like racist when
[ __ ] surely those of you who are
talking about this are much more
racist in many things what happens is that you keep quiet
like the hypocrites that I am it has been
said countless times here about
how good I consider immigration of
all kinds, even immigration that we
could
consider poor that we all associate in Spain with Africa, I have said it, I grew up in a place where I have had many acquaintances who come from there and in a fantastic way and lived in the most multicultural neighborhood in the world which is Lavapiés in  Madrid and I was super
happy I was going to eat at Senegalese and I
was really happy because I didn't separate
anyone where I come from it stopped because what it does is
clear that Carabanchel is located or
rather I give a completely blank face which I
find mind-blowing that we are still with the
little story for three clips that I have
talking about the least
now but that is prohibited to say on
Twitter it is only prohibited on the
internet you cannot give a voice to that
and man if you have invited your search for
Roma Gallardo for God's sake do you think of
giving him a voice
in family I
had a couple of more things here but the
truth is that I am not going to watch it because I am
going to bed I
had put it and I play the title I am going
to remove
half the family to have put it I
play the title right but what is here is like this
and such if such we will see it tomorrow
and if we play
everything here you do not do the gentleman
I think it has been good the day that
so fast
few abuse all of you are and less
all good I do not understand
your hanger thanks but I did not
understand family
if I fall okay tomorrow you a lot of
things that he was lazy  just like that
because the other topics were a little bit
other topics or to put in here since it was to
react to a couple of things that
Juanita had said and then what she
said in
those topics the truth is
to get up and
blow it up family thank you all so much
for the company one more night
yes yes let's play let's play tomorrow
if there's no salt or we play we have to play
this week looking for a space for
pop and okay it's true that we are very busy
with many things in the ladyship the
kids what happens to the youtubers is
going very well I
think they've learned to dodge the
salsero the youtubers I
mean I think that
[Music] I
think they've learned to dodge the
salsero and I think it's flying low
so that nothing happens to them I do
n't know but well we'll talk about it
tomorrow see you guys a hug
ah
[Music]